# Translations
## Overview
Translation objects are used to localize your specified context keys to your selected language. Such objects are created and managed via the Localization module on the CloudBlue Connect platform. To understand the workflow of translation objects, it is necessary to understand the difference between contexts and translations.

*Context* refers to a defined list of common keys that can be translated by using the Connect platform. Context keys can represent product description, various notifications, fields, messages and titles.  
Therefore, *translation* refers to a list of localized (or translated) key values for your selected language. The system can provide translations automatically and allows editing such values manually. Generated translations are also available for your business partners in case such objects are activated successfully.

Translation objects that are generated by the system and include original context keys are called *primary* translations on the Connect platform. Such translations cannot be edited via the Localization module. However, the system enables to assign your created translation as your primary translation for the selected context.

Note that it is also possible to clone your translation objects and compare translations if necessary. Furthermore, the system allows creating as many translation objects as it is required for your business.

## Learn more
Refer to the [Localization module documentation](https://connect.cloudblue.com/community/modules/localization/) to learn more about this module and your translations management.
