# Pending Request Status
## Description
Once a new request is generated by Distributor or Reseller systems, the system usually transfers this request to the Pending state. However, in case the dynamic validation of your generated request type is enabled, the system transfers your request to the *Draft* state first. 
In case Vendors approve their fulfillment request, the system automatically transfers this request to the *Approved* state and performs required operations with the corresponding subscription object. Otherwise, Vendors can reject their request and the system assigns the *Failed* status to it. 
Note that Vendors or the system can also inquire parameter data. Therefore, a pending request can be assigned to the Inquiring status. Furthermore, in case reseller or customer account configuration is required, the system transfers your request to the *Tier Setup* state.
## Prerequisites
A listed product and active distribution contract are required to create a pending fulfillment request. Fulfillment requests can also get the *pending* status from the following states:

* [Draft](s-a-draft.html)
* [Tiers Setup](s-c-tiers-setup.html)
* [Inquiring](s-d-inquiring.html)

## Transferable statuses
In case any parameter data is required, a pending request can be switched to the [Inquiring](s-d-inquiring.html)) state.
If tier configuration is required, a request can get the [Tiers Setup](s-c-tiers-setup.html) status.
In case of on an error, Vendors can reject a fulfillment request and assign the [Failed](s-f-failed.html) status to this request.
Once Vendors appove a fulfillment request, this request transfers to the [Approved](s-e-approved.html) state.
## Associated transitions
* [Pending Request Creation](t-1-new-pending.html)
* [Draft to Pending Convertion](t-3-draft-pending.html)
* [Pending to Tiers Setup Convertion](t-5-pending-tiers-setup.html)
* [Completed Tiers Configuration](t-7-tiers-setup-pending.html)
* [System Parameters Inquiry](t-8-pending-inquiring.html)
* [Vendor Parameters Inquiry](t-9-pending-inquiring.html)
* [Inquiring Data Provision](t-10-inquiring-pending.html)
* [Pending Request Approval](t-11-pending-approved.html)
* [Pending Request Rejection](t-12-pending-failed.html)
* [Schedule Delayed Activation](t-13-pending-scheduled.html)
* [Scheduled to Pending Convertion](t-14-scheduled-pending.html)
